# CollegeApp

Project task

Write a Java program based on the following text: We need a program to monitor the work of a college. We need to remember the name, surname and ID of all persons at the university (must have 13 digits, which are not zero), and we know that they are divided into two groups: employees and students. For employees at the university, we should remember what their salary is (it must not be a negative value), while we can divide them into two groups: lecturers and other employees. For lecturers, we need to know what their title is (full professor, associate professor, docent, assistant or associate), while for other employees, in which service they work (student service, legal service, IT service ...) and how long they have been working at the university (must not be a negative value). Lecturer we can compare by title, and other employees by years of service, but only if they belong to the same company service. Students at the faculty can be at one of the following levels of study: undergraduate, master's and doctoral studies. We need to know about students at all times their index number (must have value greater than 1000) and the average in studies. We can compare all students by their average, if they are at the same level of study. The college (whose name we remember, as well as the college ID) remembers employees and students in separate lists. How would facilitated the work of the college, sometimes it is necessary to separate special lists with professors and others employees, as well as about students at a certain level of study, and we need methods for that which will enable it. In order to permanently save data about employees and students, we need to enter the data from the sheet to the files employees.txt and students.txt. Enrollment format employed students first name last name first name last name JMBG JMBG title (or service) Index number salary level of study seniority average.
